Secretary Yang
Go away now
It's urgent
Bai Tianyu, haven't you been fired by me?
Why don't you come to a company and not leave?
You just paused my request for compensation.
But your mother is not my invitation.
Or this criminal, that's the relationship
My place
I come and go as I want
Although the president
You don't have any rights, do you?
I'm also your uncle, after all
You call me by my first name
I don't seem to understand Secretary Yang
Go away now
The former heroine is suspected of being delayed.
This full head
And you stay here
Why am I here?
You know it.
I know what I know
I don't know anything.
Mr. Zhang poisoned
Pick up big white dog things with me, I don't have Mr. Bai
It's you you you you what you
Neither of you can leave, Secretary Tian
Did you poison Mr. Zhang during the day with your support?